---
layout: post
title: Week Ten
---

**What did I do this week?**

On Monday he went over the details about the project. We are not allowed to use getters and setters. That's a little frustrating but Downing seems passionate about not using getters and setters. A company called Pariveda Solutions came to give a talk about what it's like to work there on Wednesday. They talked about task management tools and source control that they use there and how it affects their every day to day tasks. They adopted A/B testing which companies such as Amazon also use. A/B testing is when they roll out a feature to a small percentage of the user base and if everything goes well then they keep increasing the user base. This is beneficial in that they can easily roll back the change without affecting a lot of people if the change was erroneous. Then class on Friday was canceled because it was UTCS' 50th anniversary.

**What's in your way?**

I have an Algorithms test on Wednesday so that's somewhat in my way for this class.

**What will you do next week?**

The fourth project is due on Thursday and my partner and I will be working on that to complete it!

**Quick Tip**

If you want to highlight multiple instances of the same phrase in Sublime then all you have to do is highlight it and press CTRL + d. If you want to skip an instance then press CTRL+d until you get to the phrase that you want to delete and press CTRL+k to skip it. Then when you continue pressing CTRL+d that phrase will be skipped from being selected.
