---
layout: post
title: Week Six
---

**What did I do this week?**
There is an exam next week so I've been prepping for that. In class Downing talked about iterators and the syntax behind it. He then walked us through creating an iterator called Range_Iterator which involved creating the constructor and overloading the operators. We got together in small groups in class to solve the AllOf function that checked if all of the elements from the given type had some property defined by a function that is passed in. He then went over the solution in class.

**What's in your way?**
What's in my way for this class is that I have two other tests as well as this test next week so I won't be able to study as much as I would like to. 

**What will you do next week?**
I will also be studying for the test next week. I still don't know C++ and this test requires you to be able to solve problems with C++. The test is given on Canvas and there will be a mix of free response and multiple choice questions. He did give us a list of topics that we should go over in preparation for the exam so that's nice.

**Quick Tip**
The Quora article linked below has good explanations on some popular dynamic programming problems. It helped me when prepping for interviews. Some of the problems are:
* Find minimum edit distance between two strings (levenshtein)
* Shortest Palindrome
* Knapsack Problem
* [DP Problems](https://www.quora.com/What-are-the-top-10-most-popular-dynamic-programming-problems-among-interviewers)

Another website that I haven't had much time to look through is linked below. Some of the dynamic programming problems are the same as the previous link.
* [More DP](https://people.cs.clemson.edu/~bcdean/dp_practice/)
