---
layout: post
title: Week Nine
---

**What did I do this week?**

We were creating the vector class with a fixed array as the internal data structure. It would not grow if the array reached max capacity. We then created the constructors for the vector class and we also created the copy assignment method. We are also writing the code to be able to pass in your own allocator to the vector class. If no allocator is passed in then the default one is used. We can do this by making a default value for the allocator typename.

Furthermore, he talked about how we can reuse the code that we wrote for the copy assignment for the copy constructor. This removes redundancy and since we are passing in _by value_ into the copy constructor the copy assignment is invoked on that argument which allows us to just swap the elements for them two.

**What's in your way?**

 HackTX just finished earlier today (October 23rd) and I have been awake for 37 hours at the time this blog has been written. So maybe my lack of sleep would be in my way. It was fun meeting new people and hanging out with my team! It was definitely worth the experience and I recommend that everyone at least try to go to a hackathon one time as a student. The experience is invaluable.

**What will you do next week?**

I'll be working on the project! This answer is pretty much the same every week because that's what I end up doing the following week. The next project seems like it will be a fun project so I'm pumped!

**Quick Tip**

If you want to really quick test something out on C++ you can use the following [link](http://cpp.sh/) to do so.