---
layout: post
title: Last Post
---

Object-Oriented Programming taught by Downing has been a great class. I recommend taking this class especially if you want to learn C++.


There were several things that Downing wanted to emphasize during the course. The first being that Object-Oriented programming languages with their type systems are essentially trying to convert certain runtime errors into compile time errors. This is what makes a language a well-constructed language. He also wanted to show what C++ brought to bear which were consts, references, enums (Java, too), and abstract methods (Java, too). Another thing he showed was the importance of object's expressing their behavior rather than just containing data. Furthermore, Downing introduced some SWE concepts such as source control, testing, issue tracking, and continuous integration. Finally, I believe most importantly he wanted to stress the value in collaborating with other people. Almost no product is ever developed alone. Sometimes hundreds or even thousands will collaborate to produce a product.


The projects are fun and worthwhile. My favorite project was when you got to create an allocator. It's straight-forward and you get to see how an allocator is constructed whenever you make call such as _new_.

Learning C++ from this class has been a fun experience when you get to here different perspectives from Downing. His examples are sometimes hilarious but he gets the point across.


If you're on the fence on whether to take this class or not I highly recommend that you take OOP. Downing's best quality is how well he is able to articulate the concepts he is talking about.